# MOBILE APPLICATION END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (EULA)

PLEASE READ THIS MOBILE APPLICATION END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT ("EULA AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY, BEFORE
COMPLETING THE DOWNLOAD OR INSTALLATION PROCESS OR USING THE APPLICATION, AS IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT
INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND REMEDIES.

## 1. OVERVIEW

This EULA agreement is a binding agreement, entered into by and between figonzal.cl and you, and is
made effective as of the date you download, install or use the Application AAID ("Application") or
from the date of your electronic acceptance. This EULA agreement sets forth the general terms and
conditions of your use of the Application, provides a license to use figonzal.cl Application and
contains liability disclaimers. This EULA agreement’s terms also apply to any Application update,
upgrade, internet-based service, and support service for the Application. Whether you are acquiring
Application directly from figonzal.cl or through figonzal.cl authorized reseller your electronic
acceptance of this EULA agreement signifies that you have read, understand, acknowledge, and agree
to be bound by this EULA agreement. The terms "we", "us" or "our" shall refer to figonzal.cl. The
terms "you", "your", or "User" shall refer to any individual or entity who accepts this EULA
agreement, uses our Application, or has access to our Application. figonzal.cl may, in its sole and
absolute discretion, change or modify this Agreement, and any policies or agreements which are
incorporated herein, at any time, and such changes or modifications shall be effective immediately
upon posting. Your use of this Application after such changes or modifications have been made shall
constitute your acceptance of this EULA agreement as last revised.

BY DOWNLOADING /INSTALLING /USING THE APPLICATION YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND
THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS EULA AGREEMENT AS LAST REVISED, DO NOT
DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, USE (OR CONTINUE TO USE) OUR APPLICATION.

## 2. ELIGIBILITY

Our Application is available only to Users who can form legally binding contracts under the
applicable law. By downloading or using this Application, you represent and warrant that you are (i)
at least eighteen (18) years of age, (ii) otherwise recognized as being able to form legally binding
contracts under applicable law, and (iii) are not a person barred from purchasing or using the
Application e under the laws of the Chile or other applicable jurisdiction. If you are entering into
this EULA agreement on behalf of a company or any corporate entity, you represent and warrant that
you have the legal authority to bind such corporate entity to the terms and conditions contained in
this EULA agreement, in which case the terms “you”, “your”, or “User” shall refer to such corporate
entity. If you do not have such authority or if you do not agree with the terms and conditions of
this EULA agreement, do not install or use the Application, and you must not accept this EULA
agreement. If, after your electronic acceptance of this Agreement, figonzal.cl finds that you do not
have the legal authority to bind such a corporate entity, you will be personally responsible for the
obligations contained in this EULA agreement.

## 3. LICENSE GRANT

Subject to the terms of this EULA Agreement figonzal.cl hereby grants you a personal, revocable,
worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, and non-transferable license to use the figonzal.cl
Application on your own, non-commercial use devices in accordance with the terms of this EULA
agreement. The Application is being licensed to you and you hereby acknowledge that no title or
ownership of the Application is being transferred or assigned to you and this EULA agreement is not
to be construed as a sale of any rights of the Application. You are permitted to load the
figonzal.cl Application (for example on a mobile, tablet or laptop) under your control. You are
responsible for ensuring your device meets the minimum requirements of the figonzal.cl Application.

## 4. RESTRICTIONS

Without first obtaining the express written consent of figonzal.cl, you may not assign your rights
and obligations under this EULA agreement, or redistribute, encumber, sell, rent, lease, sublicense
or in other way transfer your rights to the Application. You are not permitted to:

- edit, modify, alter, adapt, or otherwise change the whole or any part of the figonzal.cl
  Application nor permit the whole or any part of the Application to be combined with or become
  incorporated in any other Application or any software, nor decompile, disassemble or reverse
  engineer the Application or attempt to do any of the listed actions,
- copy, reproduce, duplicate, resell or distribute in any medium any part of the Application, except
  where expressly authorized by figonzal.cl,
- remove or alter figonzal.cl trademarks or logos or legal notices included in the Application or
  related assets,
- remove, disable, circumvent, or otherwise create or implement any workaround to any copy
  protection, rights management, or security features in or protecting the Application,
- use the service to try to gain unauthorized access to any service, data, account or network by any
  means,
- use the Application in any way which breaches any applicable local, national or international law,
- use the Application for any purpose that figonzal.cl, considers is a breach of this EULA
  agreement.

figonzal.cl reserves the right to determine in its sole discretion what kind of conduct is
considered to be in violation of the terms of this EULA agreement. By using our Application you
acknowledge and agree that your use of the Application, including any content you submit, will
comply with this EULA agreement and all applicable local, state, national and international laws,
rules, and regulations.

## 5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

No part of this EULA agreement is or should be interpreted as a transfer of intellectual property
rights. figonzal.cl shall retain ownership of the Application as originally downloaded by you and
all subsequent downloads of the Application by you. The Application (and the copyright, and other
intellectual property rights of whatever nature in the Application, including any modifications made
thereto) are and shall remain the property of figonzal.cl. In addition to the general rules above,
the provisions in this Section apply specifically to your use of figonzal.cl content used in the
Application (figonzal.cl content). figonzal.cl content used in this Application, including without
limitation the text, scripts, source code, API, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, and
interactive features and the trademarks, service marks, and logos contained therein, are owned by or
licensed to figonzal.cl in perpetuity, and are subject to copyright, trademark, and/or patent
protection. figonzal.cl content is provided to you “as is”, “as available” and “with all faults” for
your information and personal, non-commercial use only and may not be downloaded, copied,
reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited
for any purposes whatsoever without the express prior written consent of figonzal.cl. No right or
license under any copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary right or license is granted by
this EULA agreement.

## 6. COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR INFORMATION

You acknowledge that when you download, install, or use the Application, figonzal.cl may use
automatic means (including, for example, cookies and web beacons) to collect information about your
Mobile Device and about your use of the Application. You also may be required to provide certain
information about yourself as a condition to downloading, installing, or using the Application or
certain of its features or functionality. All information we collect through or in connection with
this Application is subject to
our [Privacy policy](https://github.com/figonzal1/AAID/blob/main/privacy_policy.md). By downloading,
installing, using, and providing information to or through this Application, you consent to all
actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy.

## 7. UPDATES

figonzal.cl may from time to time in its sole discretion develop and provide Application updates,
which may include upgrades, bug fixes, patches, other error corrections, and/or new features (
collectively, including related documentation, "Updates"). Updates may also modify or delete in
their entirety certain features and functionality. You agree that figonzal.cl has no obligation to
provide any Updates or to continue to provide or enable any particular features or functionality.
Based on your Mobile Device settings, when your Mobile Device is connected to the internet either:

- the Application will automatically download and install all available Updates; or
- you may receive notice of or be prompted to download and install available Updates.

You shall promptly download and install all Updates and acknowledge and agree that the Application
or portions thereof may not properly operate should you fail to do so. You further agree that all
Updates will be deemed part of the Application and be subject to all terms and conditions of this
Agreement.

## 8. THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS

The Application may display, include, or make available third-party content (including data,
information, applications, and other products, services, and/or materials) or provide links to
third-party websites or services, including through third-party advertising ("Third-Party
Materials"). You acknowledge and agree that figonzal.cl is not responsible for Third-Party
Materials, including their accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance,
legality, decency, quality, or any other aspect thereof. figonzal.cl does not assume and will not
have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person or entity for any Third-Party
Materials. Third-Party Materials and links thereto are provided solely as a convenience to you, and
you access and use them entirely at your own risk and subject to such third parties terms and
conditions.

## 9. USER SUBMISSIONS

With Respect to User Submissions, you acknowledge and agree that:

- your User Submissions are entirely voluntary,
- your User Submissions do not establish a confidential relationship or obligate figonzal.cl to
  treat your User Submissions as confidential or secret.
- figonzal.cl has no obligation, either express or implied, to develop or use your User Submissions,
  and no compensation is due to you or to anyone else for any intentional or unintentional use of
  your User Submissions.

figonzal.cl shall own exclusive rights (including all intellectual property and other proprietary
rights) to any User Submissions provided to the figonzal.cl and shall be entitled to the
unrestricted use and dissemination of any User Submissions posted to or through the Software for any
purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you or to anyone else.

## 10. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

UNLESS OTHERWISE EXPLICITLY AGREED TO IN WRITING BY figonzal.cl, APPLICATION IS PROVIDED “AS IS”,
“AS AVAILABLE” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS” AND DEFECTS AND figonzal.cl, MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, IN FACT, OR IN LAW, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH IN
THIS EULA AGREEMENT. figonzal.cl MAKES NO WARRANTIES ABOUT (I) THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR
CONTENT ON THIS APPLICATION AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE SAME. figonzal.cl
MAKES NO WARRANTIES THAT THE OPERATION OF THE APPLICATION WILL BE SECURE, ERROR-FREE, OR FREE FROM
INTERRUPTION. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN ADVICE PROVIDED BY figonzal.cl OR ANY AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OR
THIRD PARTY SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF, OR
LIMITATIONS ON, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATIONS ON THE APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A
CONSUMER, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THE FOREGOING
DISCLAIMER OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW AND
SHALL SURVIVE ANY TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION OF THIS EULA AGREEMENT OR YOUR USE OF THIS SITE OR THE
SERVICES FOUND AT THIS SITE.

## 11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL figonzal.cl, ITS OFFICERS,
DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AND ALL THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER
PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING ANY DAMAGES THAT MAY RESULT FROM (I) THIS AGREEMENT, (II) THE ACCURACY,
COMPLETENESS, OR CONTENT ON THIS APPLICATION, (III) OR FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE,
INSTALLATION, OR USE OF THE APPLICATION, WHEATHER DUE TO A BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY,
OR THE NEGLIGENCE OF figonzal.cl OR ANY OTHER PARTY, EVEN IF figonzal.cl IS ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW A LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR
DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATIONS OR CERTAIN INTENTIONAL OR NEGLIGENT ACTS, OR
VIOLATION OF SPECIFIC STATUTES, OR THE LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO SOME OR
ALL OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT SHALL figonzal.cl’S
TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES (EXCEPT AS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW) EXCEED THE AMOUNT
ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR THE APPLICATION. THIS LIMITATION APPLIES, BUT IT IS NOT LIMITED TO ANYTHING
RELATED TO THE APPLICATION, SERVICES, OR CONTENT MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE APPLICATION. YOU AGREE
THAT THE PROVISIONS IN THIS EULA AGREEMENT THAT LIMIT LIABILITY ARE ESSENTIAL TERMS OF THIS EULA
AGREEMENT. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW
AND SHALL SURVIVE ANY TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION OF THIS EULA AGREEMENT.

## 12. INDEMNITY

You agree to protect, defend, indemnify and hold harmless figonzal.cl and its officers, directors,
employees, agents from and against any and all claims, demands, costs, expenses, losses,
liabilities, and damages of every kind and nature (including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys’ fees) imposed upon or incurred by figonzal.cl directly or indirectly arising from (i)
your use of the Application; (ii) your violation of any provision of this Agreement; and/or (iii)
your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any intellectual property or
other proprietary rights. The indemnification obligations under this section shall survive any
termination or expiration of this Agreement or your use of Application.

## 13. AVAILABILITY OF APPLICATION

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and our policies, we shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to attempt to provide this Application on 24/7 basis. You acknowledge and agree
that from time to time this Application may be inaccessible for any reason including, but not
limited to, periodic maintenance, repairs or replacements that we undertake from time to time, or
other causes beyond our control including, but not limited to, interruption or failure of
telecommunication or digital transmission links or other failures. You acknowledge and agree that we
have no control over the availability of this Application on a continuous or uninterrupted basis and
that we assume no liability to you or any other party with regard thereto.

## 14. TERMINATION

This EULA agreement is effective from the date you first download, install or use the Application
and shall continue until terminated. You may terminate this Agreement by deleting the Application
and all copies thereof from your Mobile Device. This EULA agreement will also be terminated
immediately if you fail to comply with any term of this EULA agreement. Upon such termination, the
licenses granted by this EULA agreement will immediately terminate and you agree to stop all access
and use of the Application. The provisions that by their nature continue and survive will survive
any termination of this EULA agreement. figonzal.cl reserves the right to cease offering or
providing Application at any time, for any or no reason, and without prior notice. Although
figonzal.cl makes a great effort to maximize the lifespan of the Application, it might be, that the
Application we offer will be discontinued. If that is the case, this EULA agreement will be
terminated, and the Application will no longer be supported by figonzal.cl. Upon termination, all
rights granted to you under this EULA agreement will also terminate and you must cease all use of
the Application and delete all copies of the Application from your Mobile Device and account.

## 15. COMPLIANCE WITH LOCAL LAWS

figonzal.cl makes no representation or warranty that all the content available on this Application
is appropriate in every country or jurisdiction and use of this Application from countries or
jurisdictions where its content is illegal is prohibited. Users who choose to use this Software are
responsible for compliance with all local laws, rules, and regulations.

## 16. GOVERNING LAW

This EULA agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject
matter or formation shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Chile, to the
exclusion of conflict of law rules.

## 17. TITLES AND HEADINGS

The titles and headings of this EULA agreement are for convenience and ease of reference only and
shall not be utilized in any way to construe or interpret the agreement of the parties as otherwise
set forth herein.

## 18. LIMITATION OF TIME TO FILE CLAIMS

ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE
APPLICATION MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES OTHERWISE SUCH
CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.

## 19. SEVERABILITY

Each covenant and agreement in this EULA agreement shall be construed for all purposes to be a
separate and independent covenant or agreement. If a court of competent jurisdiction holds any
provision (or portion of a provision) of this EULA agreement to be illegal, invalid, or otherwise
unenforceable, the remaining provisions (or portions of provisions) of this EULA agreement shall not
be affected thereby and shall be found to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted
by law.

## 20. CONTACT INFORMATION

If you have any questions about this EULA agreement, please contact us by email or regular mail at
the following address:
felipe.gonzalezalarcon94@gmail.com

*Last update: May 24, 2022*